hi it's early morning we approach and
See you soon, now while we are
in the piazza piazza umberto primo del
town behind me you see the castle
there was immediately before me the church of
san giovanni left the common between
little we will go to the factory to see
instead how to make butter
we arrived in the heart of in.al.pi here
we will go to see the production of
slices of cheese and butter ne
we are the gowns for both
Settlements
then if we are in the department of
production of cheese and we are with
valerio who will tell us how in a few
in a few sentences cheese is produced
minanti this cheese department in
few words the work is structured
in this way on that side e
on the other we have the preparation where
all the products are amalgamated
fresh cream milk and cheese
pinch of citric acid none
preservative and in dyes
this process like who is being done
very fast because having fresh radio
of which, however, the concentrate
Sunday must be cooled
in a hurry not to ruin his
property and to ensure that everything
come
ok
this part that an important part the
packaging since the
car prepared me all the infila
of the slices she packs into
environment protected skillfully over the
production lot from that lot ii
dates all the history of the milk that is there
inside everything is cheese
attached in documents when it comes
sold it
this is because we guarantee security
feed
of this part are two sections
important as I explained before
there is the reception the control of the
the king unload and decide from that
part where the milk is stored though
before arriving this we need that
of the laboratory to this laboratory
what does it do a quick analysis of
samples arriving on the cistern e
on individual conferences from which then
decide if there were any problems from
pass it to the other external laboratory
that makes the microbiological one there is the
however the most important part is the
heart once from here is ok
sent to work and then if there are
of the small parts that can be there
of the variables and to send to
check enter into specific e
therefore daily check all the
mornings square bank to the other and does not have
made as many checks
then the first seven eight start
standard controls that are those of the
milk after that we do those
microbiological we can get up to
over 20 to 25 checks on all
these products that arrive
but it's worth a day today
so ready dish you should indeed
ne delta blend the flavors of the flavors
cheese and all the vegetables
crunchy fragrances as well as having gods
wonderful colors the future also one
what I like also to the sight
thank you
we are in one of the farms that
gives milk to trained and then
obviously milk that adamo of supreme
arrives directly at the plants
every morning
our dark day ends here
I 'm not a Piedmontese day we have
obviously visited the establishment in
others we have seen as production
slices of butter cheese
In.al.pi
we saw the center of the country and then
obviously we saw where it came from
then the farms in the
afternoon of course with one
beautiful lunch break from left that
ivalda two michelin stars in the
ancient royal crown restaurant now
our day ends here
we go home and see you at
next trip
Hello